How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    plus and minus signs

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

   

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    autosave is no good

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because you have the ability using git checkout to go back and check different versions of commits to see where something could have broken

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Practice first!


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

Repository: a collection of files that will be worked on and compared within Git

cd: control directory 
git checkout: reverting to previous commit
git log: shows list of commits and commit ids, press “q” to exit
git dif: compare different commits to see what has been added and subtracted	
		git diff considers the first argument as the "original", and the second argument as the "new" version, so additions are lines present in the second argument but not the first.

git clone Make a copy of an entire Git repository, including the history, onto your own computer.

ls -a: shows hidden files in directory
git init creates new .git suppository
git status shows which files have changed since last commit


zero commits in new suppository
